you know scorpions are interesting
little creatures six legs two claws and
a powerful stinger
now what if humans also wore
exoskeletons to protect themselves
so an exoskeleton's mainly made up of
chitin
which is a complex material found in
insects and reptiles
thanks to their exoskeletons these tiny
creatures can defend themselves and
perform
acts of superhuman strength if you were
a scorpion exoskeleton
you'd be able to climb up any building
you wanted
with massive claws in the front it would
be easy to grab hold of things and even
cut through them
might be hard to open a bag of chips
though but at night you'd have problems
uv rays they wouldn't hurt you or cut
through you or anything
but you definitely glow in the dark not
exactly ideal for
sneaking up on someone a scorpion's tail
is venomous and packs a nasty sting
you could use it to sting anyone in your
way plus it's long enough
that you could defend yourself from a
safe distance
scorpions live all over the world in
some of the harshest environments
from freezing icy landscapes to
scorching hot deserts
if it freezes a scorpion can even thaw
itself out
under the sun this next creature also
has two claws and six legs
but it doesn't have a stinger it's the
mighty crab
its shell is a lot more powerful than
the scorpions and it's surprisingly
quick
so you'd be seriously powerful in one of
those the downside is you'd only be able
to walk sideways
and you'd be delicious to someone like
me
there are almost 5 000 species of crab
all over the world
each with special skills in a crab
costume you'd definitely be a master
digger
sure you'd be doing it sideways but
those legs and claws can get the job
done
if there were crab inspired bodysuits
they'd most likely be made for digging
you could even work underwater you'd be
agile strong
and you'd look awesome humans in ant
suits would dominate any construction
site
ants live in colonies around most of the
world and rely on strength in numbers
but that doesn't mean each little ants
weak or anything
just the opposite there are actually
already exoskeleton suits out there to
help humans do some heavy lifting
but to use the actual strength of an ant
would be a game changer
an ant can lift around a thousand times
its own weight
in a group they can drag a bird across a
field without breaking a sweat
what's even crazier is that they can
carry things while they're climbing
straight up a wall
or even upside down wow imagine a group
of humans dragging a jet fighter up the
side of the empire state building
there wouldn't be any need for
bulldozers or cranes anymore
just strap into an ant suit and get her
done
buildings could be inspired by those
huge underground ant colonies
ants are amazing at making tunnels
imagine wearing a bodysuit that flies
through the air like a stealth craft
if you wore a hornet suit you'd have it
made they have a tough
exoskeleton that's surprisingly light
and easy to maneuver
picture a fleet of strong flying
acrobats
oh and don't forget the stinger most
people think of hornets as pests but
they're not
they do a lot of good for the ecosystem
like eating up those pesky mosquitoes
having a hornet suit would be essential
for any kind of undercover work
not so much for office work a strong
aerodynamic bodysuit with a powerful
stinger
hey sign me up an armadillo uses keratin
to make its bodysuit
you know the stuff your hair and nails
are made of what makes it unique
is that it's foldable and durable at the
same time
it's made up of hexagon-shaped plates
that go all over its back
when there's danger around it can roll
up into a ball
scientists are studying how to make
durable bending glass just like the
armadillos body plates
humans wouldn't be 100 percent protected
with this thing on
but they'd be able to withstand pretty
much anything
you could jump out of a plane no
parachute land on a rooftop
brush it off roll off the edge and land
safely on a nearby car
all while being chased by tricked out
cars and helicopters
i've been streaming too many movies
being one of the slowest animals on
earth does come with an
advantage you got a heavy shell on you
7 for protection just like armadillos
tortoise shells are made of keratin
what's sweet about its shell is that it
grows with the tortoise
crabs and other shelled animals have to
keep replacing theirs as they outgrow
them
humans would be almost invincible if
they wore tortoise suits
but they'd be insanely slow and draw a
lot of attention
still if something goes down you could
just hide in your shell and wait it out
hopping around from place to place would
be pretty sweet but
what about flying grasshoppers can do
both
they have a set of wings they tuck in
behind them which they unleash
after their epic takeoff jump oh and
they come in all shapes and sizes
great for camouflage now a grasshopper
can jump around ten
inches high and three feet long uh far
uh out well that far anyway
it's all thanks to its back legs
grasshoppers basically catapult
themselves when they feel threatened
or when they see something delicious if
you had a grasshopper suit
you'd be able to jump a whole football
field in one go
you can forget about being stuck in
traffic it might not be the most
powerful armor
but with those jumping skills and
landing skills getting your weekend
shopping done would be a breeze
or you could be the world's coolest
pizza delivery person
just imagine the tips the biggest animal
on this list
doesn't really have an exoskeleton but
it does have a thick
thick skin this massive beast's one of
the most powerful mammals on earth
and it comes with a strong horn near its
nose for protection
any guesses now it might look scary but
that humongous rhino is an
herbivore it's not going to eat you but
rhinos do
attack when they feel provoked so keep
your distance their thick skin makes
them look like a tank
and it keeps them nice and warm now with
your rhino suit on you'd have a monster
advantage over the average human
the thick skin suit would be really
useful for extreme weather conditions
cold or hot and a horn on the top of
your head would send a pretty powerful
message
and it's not just beep beep
[Music]
jaws that look like antlers six legs
meet the stag
beetle its oversized jaws are used for
impressing its friends
and sometimes for a little wrestling but
don't worry
these fearsome jaws aren't strong enough
to hurt you
a human stag beetle suit would be pretty
weird if you saw one walking down the
street
but who knows what people will be into
in 10 20 years
maybe this will be the future of
wrestling now this reptile has the
toughest skin of its kind
crocodiles are fearsome animals
virtually unchanged since the days of
the dinosaurs
our modern day croc is still top of the
food chain with scales on its back and a
very soft underbelly
its scales are made from some of the
most durable materials out there
and don't forget that powerful jaw it
can crush watermelons like chewing gum
a human croc suit would be fast strong
but mostly limited to hanging around
lakes and rivers
it'd be a great thing to be wearing
during the game of hide and seek though
you're it this last creature takes the
grand prize
toughest exoskeleton ever it's smaller
than a rhino for sure
presenting the ironclad beetle even the
name makes
people's knees weak this beetle has
interlocking wing covers that make it
twice as strong as it should be
but get this it doesn't even fly yeah it
doesn't need to escape from danger
whatever you throw at it it can't be
heard
dented or even crushed not even by a car
these beetles can live up to two years
way longer than other beetles who only
stick around for a couple of weeks or
months
a human suit based on the ironclad
beetle wow
that name gets me every time it'd
probably be resistant to just about any
collision
walking through moving traffic would be
like strolling in the park on a warm
afternoon
this suit would be perfect for deep sea
exploration since it's resistant to
pressure
that make it excellent for outer space
adventures too